Add note on setting `QUALITY` to tier 1 page (#1152)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/validators/tier-1-orgs.mdx

To see what the current recommended quorum set looks like, check out the [example Full Validator config file](https://github.com/stellar/packages/blob/master/docs/examples/pubnet-validator-full/stellar-core.cfg).

> **NOTE:** Be sure to properly add your own validators to your validators' quorum sets. As a Tier 1 organization with three validators and history archives, we recommend declaring your organization [`HIGH` quality](admin-guide/configuring#validator-quality) in your quorum set configuration. Declaring your organization at a lower quality level [may limit its participation in consensus](admin-guide/configuring#impact-of-validator-quality-on-nomination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Be sure to properly add your own validators to your validators' quorum sets. As a Tier 1 organization with three validators and history archives, SDF recommend declaring your organization [`HIGH` quality](./admin-guide/configuring.mdx#validator-quality) in your quorum set configuration. Declaring your organization at a lower quality level [may limit its participation in consensus](./admin-guide/configuring.mdx#impact-of-validator-quality-on-nomination).
```

Reviewer: Mostly markdown linking nitpicks here. They're silly and dumb, but it makes our build more reliable, especially with the newly introduced AI translations

However, I think it might be better suited to use `SDF`, rather than `we` in this instance. Not a deal-breaker, but worth thinking about, maybe.

If you wanted to wrap this note in an admonition (entirely optional, and also not a deal-breaker imo), you could do it like this:

```markdown
:::note

Be sure to properly ...

:::
```
